[Autogenerated] this short module introduced you to storing secrets in AWS
so that you're deployed application can access thumb.
The A W s Secrets Manager is the heavy duty service for
secrets with lots of management features,
but it's not included in the free tier,
and you do have to pay for every secret you store.
The parameter store in Systems Manager is another path,
and parameters can be stored securely as well.
And there's no extra charge for using parameters.
So it was an easy choice for our sample application.
Once that decision was made,
you learned how to create parameters as secured strings in the consul
manager and that it's important at a path to the name of the parameter
so you can filter and group them easily.
Then, back in our application,
we added a new get package for the AWS Systems Manager Extension,
which includes a library for reading from the parameter store.
And then we updated the application with logic to read the parameters.
I also added an A W s configuration into upset ings development,
Jason so that visual studio had the needed permissions to access the
parameter store during debug and Testa's well in the next module.
Rather than deploying too easy to using elastic beanstalk,
you learn how to package the application of into a docker image and
deployed AWS container services using aws fargate.
Here are some resource Is that a relevant to this
module that you might find useful?
I'm Julie Lierman and thanks again for watching fundamentals of building dot net applications on AWS.